README.md, before:

## Introduction
The FINCAPES project is a 5.5 year-long project, funded by the Government of Canada. This is a joint project managed by the University of Waterloo's Environment and Math faculties aimed at aiding Indonesia with climate change adaptation. There are three main areas of support: managing Flood Impacts, strengthening policy framework through Carbon Pricing, and supporting Indonesia's effort towards Ecosystem Sustainability.

One notable method towards Ecosystem Sustainability is Nature-Based Solutions for peatland and mangrove restoration, which play critical roles as ecosystems in climate adaptation and mitigation, being large carbon sinks, preventing soil erosion, etc. For mangrove restoration to be sustainable, regular monitoring activities must be conducted, tracking socio-economic and biophysical indicators.

To track socio-economic indicators, we have designed a survey using the service KoboToolbox. This repository is a Python script used to integrate responses from a KoboToolbox survey into a PostGreSQL database, where the data will be handled. 

For more information, visit https://fincapesproject.com/

Commit message:

Update README with survey details for mangrove restoration, and details on data pipeline

README.md, after:

## Introduction
The FINCAPES project is a 5.5 year-long project, funded by the Government of Canada. This is a joint project managed by the University of Waterloo's Environment and Math faculties aimed at aiding Indonesia with climate change adaptation. There are three main areas of support: managing Flood Impacts, strengthening policy framework through Carbon Pricing, and supporting Indonesia's effort towards Ecosystem Sustainability.

One notable method towards Ecosystem Sustainability is Nature-Based Solutions for peatland and mangrove restoration, which play critical roles as ecosystems in climate adaptation and mitigation, being large carbon sinks, preventing soil erosion, etc. For mangrove restoration to be sustainable, regular monitoring activities must be conducted, tracking socio-economic and biophysical indicators.

To track socio-economic indicators of mangrove restoration in Lampung province, Indonesia, we have designed a survey using the service KoboToolbox. Villagers in the district of Pasir Sakti, East Lampung, Indonesia will fill this survey periodically every few months. This repository is a Python script used to automatically import responses using GitHub actions from the KoboToolbox survey into a PostGreSQL database, where the data is stored, and can be further processed. 

For more information, visit https://fincapesproject.com/
